Hey guys welcome back.
So now we have a session variable set up which allows to stay locked down.
We can go and apply some styling to this now because although it doesn't look very good.
So go back to our editor and create a new file.
I'm going to save this in the assets folder and then go create a new folder inside of that Called see
SS So create see the new folder inside of assets folder.
And this is where going to save our file.
So save it as Register see SS registered or see assess.
So there's a file.
Now go back to register BHB.
How many to make a reference to it.
Because at the moment this file knows nothing about that file.
So in the head tag right here underneath title we're going to write link.
And if you press tab if using a one text anyway press tab it'll fill in all of this for you which basically
lets the page know that this is a csx reference.
So.
In the hsf part we put our link to our success file so that was assets slash csx slash register dot
csx and that's it.
We've linked to our seats as far now anything we put in here will be reflected in our age.
So we're going to great a background image for us.
But a big background image and if I show you what it actually looks like this is the image you're not
using.
This is my actual site.
And this image will be included with the course content so you can use this one if you want to or Obviously
you can go and find your own image.
So this image has saved my desktop at the moment so I don't get that saux right here.
So is copy this and I'll paste it in assets folder.
Images and.
Right here.
Inside the assets images folder.
Save that.
So the image is ready to use now.
When we go back to our registered iph P page created for this background.
So right give give give give an idea of.
Background like that my deep background made move this along to get this div input container there and
select all the way down to its closing day of this one.
So all of that.
Okay.
And press tab and move all of that along and then underneath that put the closing Dave on for your new
background div..
So all I did is move our existing code across one space so we have our new div there and on the closing
div.
So we connected by some style to this now so in a sense does this as File we're going to type pound
symbol or hash tag of some as you know as background like that has to be that simple because it is a
reference I.D. because we don't use class background used by D.
So they're going to say background colour 0 0 0.
That was the black background.
This is a colour code for the colour black.
Actually if you save that then go back to here.
Just make sure you see those changes versus page.
And there it is.
If you don't see it you might need to clear a cache.
So if I right click and inspect element right here.
What this inspect element is allows me to see it and see all of the 80 mile code behind the scenes so
I can see there's the input right here and this all corresponds to the code you see here.
Just without the BHB so you won't you won't see any page picone here.
But you see all of your code from here in the browser.
So for example there's new background div and there it is right there.
So if you're not seeing your changes.
Firstly go to console this time of year.
Make sure you not seeing any errors.
So for example for four hours saying they can't find this SS file.
But if with this open you can right click on their refresh burn at least in Chrome any way you can run
click on a refresh and click go empty cash and hard reload and no clear the cash and do a reload for
you so maybe and that might fix your problem.
But if you click on this background here.
The one we create in it the new background of regraded.
You'll see there's our code of which is made the background colour.
Zero right there.
This is the.
This is what we just wrote.
So it's right there.
And if you apply this style right here you'll see the changes light as you type which makes it a little
bit easier to play around and make it look better.
So we'll just right back around the image like that press tab to move along and the valley for that
is going to be you are all over in francises.
And then we need the path through our image and we're in the csx fold at the moment.
So we're currently in the E C S S folder so we need to go to get to our image from here we go back one
folder into the images folder and right there.
So.
Type out again background image.
We say you are well open practices we go back one folder which is what Dot Dot flusters images and then
the image is call B G.
J.
P. G.
Like that's pretty closing brackets on.
And you should tip press antenna day down to line below.
Now a change of position of this back ground position and then put centre like that.
And underneath that we're going to say background size and the background size we would say cover which
makes it spread across the whole page and then display table.
Explain that a little bit.
So just just type that out for now.
Hyde it's going to be 100 percent because we won't take 100 percent of the page height width is going
to be also 100 percent because we want that to take up 20 percent of the page width and that's it for
now.
So you see we have this image right here on our page it looks pretty good.
So copy they saw this code because if you look back our page you don't see the code you just made.
So you have to copy and paste it into your editor.
So save that for the fact that you don't see or changes is good because you can play around with things
and you weren't.
If I you know if I want to play around with something maybe change the values of these to 75 percent
and see what it looks like you can see the changes and if you don't like them you can just refresh the
page and they'll be gone.
When you refresh your page it all goes back to highs in the in your text file.
So that's it a real quick introduction to this.
SS We just added a background image to our page and then we'll be styling all of this to make this look
better.